---
aliases: 
type: session
date: 
session: 11
tags:
  - session/planning
  - session/11
date created: Monday, November 1st 2021, 10:28:21 am
date modified: Tuesday, November 16th 2021, 3:27:23 pm
---

# Session Hello!
***Recap:*** [[20 Roleplaying/21 Sessions/Post Session Logs/2021-10-30#^d91a6f]]

> [!quote]
> test
> ```dataviewjs
> ```

## Characters
```dataview
list from #pc/alive 
```

## Strong Start
***Notes:***
- mim is with agathax + yoss (unconscious) + bodyguard
- bob, merigold and jeremiah are long resting in their guest room

> [!recite]
> Bob, Merigold, Jeremiah, the three of you are getting ready to rest in your guesthouse. The volcano is causing the eastern horizon to glow a dull orange, even through the storm that is raging outside. 
> 
> Mim, you are alone in Agathax's witch hut, with Agathax and Yoss's unconcious forms floating in the middle of the hut, wrapped in a soft purple light. You can just barely catch glimpses of the shimmering rainbow cloak of Agathax's bodyguard as he moves through the storm. 
>  
> The four of you are long resting?

Mim: 
> [!dnd]
> 
> Mim, throughout the night, you are woken several times by the sound of battle, and the screams of dying lizardfolk as they are cut down by Agathax's bodyguard, but otherwise sleep soundly through the night. As you begin to wake, you see that Agathax's body is no longer floating in the hut - she is now sitting upright in her chair, watching you with intent. The bodyguard is slumped against a wall, eyes closed - he is covered in blood and crisscrossed with shallow cuts. He has his hand against his right abdomen, and you see a dark red bloodstain on his shirt around his hand. His shimmering cloak is piled on the floor next to him.
> 
> Agathax smiles sadly at you, and says:
> > [!quote] Agathax
> > 
> > Good morning, child. That was...quite the night, wouldn't you agree?
> > 
> > It seems [[Rhashaak]], the Eternal One, the Light of the Jungle, has emerged from [[Haka'Torvhak]] for the first time in millenia. The clan must find what has caused him to emerge from his vigil.
> > 
> > Let us return to your group, yes, and speak with Drox?
> >  
> **CUT TO GROUP**
> 

---

> [!dnd]
> The rest of you sleep through the night without incident. The balcony, though open to the storm, was able to buffet the winds and rain enough to keep the interior calm. You wake to the sun just cresting the horizon to the east. The volcano has stopped erupting, but the jungle around its base is burning, and ash began falling on the clan tree at some point during the night, coating the balcony. You can see the silhouette of dragon, flying around the smoking remains of the volcano.
> 

 

## Scenes
### Attack on [[Agathax]]

#### If They lie to Agathax
**Deception Check** (Agathax +4 Perception)

####

> [!dnd]
> 
> Agathax stands and begins to head to the door.
> 
> > [!quote] Agathax
> > Alright, then, let's be off, shall we? Come, Vulk, we mustn't dally.
> 
> The bodyguard stands with a grunt of pain, collects his cloak, and limps towards the door, following Agathax. The platform outside the door is coated in a fine layer of ash, making it slippery and difficult to walk. A deep, eerie silence has settled over the clantree, and the platforms are empty.
> 
> Agathax glances at you and says:
> > [!quote] Agathax
> > 
> > The night before a full clanmeet is always... intense. Blood feuds are settled, clans clash, all normal. But last night... *She shakes her head.* It is no wonder that no one ventures out.
> > 
> 

> [!dnd]
> 
> You haven't seen a single person since venturing out from the witch house. The bodyguard has been walking slightly ahead, still limping, and as you walked the wound in his side began bleeding again, leaving small drops of blood on the path. You finally get to a platform you recognize - it is the platform with the bar you sat at last night, next to the platform with the guest house.
> 
> **Make a perception check**:
> - <13: You don't see anything around you. Vulk glances back at Agathax, and she nods, then glances at you, Mim.
> - 13+: Mim, you see several lizardfolk peering out of the huts around you, but nothing out of the ordinary.
> - 16+: Lizardfolk peer out of their huts at you, but one hut in particular is pitch black inside.
> - 19+: You immediately spot an unnatural darkness in a hut to your left.
> 

**CUT TO GROUP**

**CUT BACK**

> [!battle]
> 
> - Agathax
> - Agathax's bodyguard
> - Mim
> 
> ---
> 
> - Blackscale Lizardfolk x2
> 

#### If Agathax Dies:
> [!quote] Agathax
> 
> As Agathax is cut down, you suddenly hear Agathax in your mind:
> 
> "Mim! Listen to me, child! The clan tree is lost! Flee! Get your group out of here and find the seekers! You **must find the seekers!**"

#### If Agathax Lives:
> [!quote] Agathax
> 

### The Clanmeet
> [!dnd]
> 
> Suddenly you hear a long, sustained horn blast echo through the clan tree. **CLAN MEETING TIME**
> 

> [!dnd]
> 
> The meet-hall is large, with benches set up in a semi-circle around a large raised circular dais. On the dais are 4 wooden chairs, ornately carved to look like resting dragons. 2 of the chairs are occupied by elder lizardfolk who are speaking to each other. Most of the benches are occupied, and more lizardfolk are streaming in. A small group are set up behind the dais, playing a set of drums.
> 

- Krot walks in after, with a group of gray-scales
	- Bruk - Hell Fox Clan
	- Jato - Quiet Rock clan



- Jato stands,  the drums stop, and delivers a speech first:

> [!quote] Jato
> 
> Welcome, welcome. The 4 tribes of the Cold Sun, once again together as one. Please, sit, sit.
> 




### Escape From the Clantree?

> [!dnd]
> 
> 
> 
> 

### What Happens to the Dragon - [[Rhashaak]]?



## Secrets and Clues


## Fantastic Locations


## Important NPCs


## Potential Monsters
- [[Krot]]

## Potential Treasure
- [[Warder Cloak]]
