## THREE ACT STRUCTURE
### ACT 1 - WHITECLIFF
The PCs are newcomers to the town of [[Whitecliff]] in Q'Barra. They get entangled in the intrigue between [[House Tharashk]], [[The Land Sharks]] and the locals, where [[House Tharashk]]  wants to keep Whitecliff as a small backwater and uses The Land Sharks to do it, but some locals want to become a bigger, more organized town and keep the dragonshard income for themselves. This intrigue revolves around the [[Mine Of Whitecliff]], one of the richest deposits of dragonshards in Q'Barra. The intrigue culminates in the biggest dragonshard anyone in the town has seen, perfectly pure, which [[Erandis Vol]] takes back to the [[House Tharashk]] enclave in Sharn.

### ACT 2 - SHARN & THE GREAT HUNT
The PCs trek through the jungle of Q'Barra to get to Newthrone, where they take a lightning train to Sharn. Once there, they quickly learn that [[House Tharashk]] lies in the Upper Dura region, which they cannot enter legitimately without being a member of a dragonmarked house or an invitation. They learn that the winner of the [[Race of the Eight Winds]] will be invited to a celebration being held by House Vadalis in the Pegasus Spire. 

Regardless how the PCs get into Upper Dura, once inside [[House Tharashk]] they find a secret dungeon marked with the Mark Of Death, and inside that dungeon they find a member of The Chamber that [[The Emerald Claw]] has kidnapped, along with Percy Graves. The member of [[The Chamber]] tells the PCs of the [[Draconic Prophecy]]. It speaks of the location of the seven [[Shards of Khyber]] spread throughout the continent of Khorvaire and their use to cleanse an ancient house and the first dragonmark, but if used with hate, the [[Shards of Khyber]] will corrupt the dragonmark and usher in a new age of domination of the fiends of old.

The PCs must work with [[The Chamber]] and find the [[Shards of Khyber]] before Erandis Vol can gather them and use them to take revenge on the world that destroyed her family. Meanwhile, the PCs keep running into agents of the mysterious [[Lords of Dust]], who seem to want the [[Shards of Khyber]] for their own ends.

### ACT 3 - ERANDIS VOL AND THE SHADOW IN THE FLAME
The final piece of the [[Draconic Prophecy]] of [[Erandis Vol]] has been found, and [[Durastoran the Wyrmbreaker]] has revealed himself to be the mastermind behind the [[Lords of Dust]]. The players must race to prevent [[Erandis Vol]] from using the [[Shards of Khyber]] with a heart set on revenge, lest Bel Shalor be released from the Silver Flame and take dominion over Eberron again.

## SEED
Driven mad by being forced into Lichdom by her parents before her family was wiped out, Erandis Vol is doing whatever it takes to find the seven [[Shards of Khyber]], believing they will restore her to life so that she can use her Mark Of Death and restore the House Vol - and exact revenge upon the world. Her minions, the The Emerald Claw, have kidnapped a member of The Chamber and are using them to decipher part of the ancient Draconic Prophecy that speak of the return of an ancient house and their dragonmark using the [[Shards of Khyber]]. Unbeknownst to her, if the shards are used with a heart set on revenge, the shards will corrupt her Mark of Death, and it will kill the rest of the dragonmarked.

Simultaneously, [[Durastoran the Wyrmbreaker]]  is seeking the Shards, and is planning to use their power to unleash his master, Bel Shalor, from his imprisonment from The Silver Flame.