# The Whole-Brain Child

* Author: [Daniel J. Siegel and Tina Payne Bryson](https://www.amazon.com/Daniel-J-Siegel/e/B00459LSPI/ref=dp_byline_cont_ebooks_1)
* ASIN: B004J4X32U




* Reference: [[https://www.amazon.com/dp/B004J4X32U]]
* [Kindle link](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B004J4X32U)


---
One night Tina’s seven-year-old son reappeared in the living room shortly after going to bed, explaining that he couldn’t sleep. He was clearly upset and explained, “I’m mad that you never leave me a note in the middle of the night!” Surprised at this unusual outburst, Tina replied, “I didn’t know you wanted me to.” His response was to unleash a whole litany of rapid-fire complaints: “You never do anything nice for me, and I’m mad because my birthday isn’t for ten more months, and I hate homework!” Logical? No. Familiar? Yes. All parents experience times when their children say things and get upset about issues that don’t seem to make sense. An encounter like this can be frustrating, especially when you expect your child to be old enough to act rationally and hold a logical conversation. All of a sudden, though, he becomes upset about something ridiculous, and it seems that absolutely no amount of reasoning on your part will help. Based on our knowledge of the two sides of the brain, we know that Tina’s son was experiencing big waves of right-brain emotions without much left-brain logical balance. At a moment like this, one of the least effective things Tina could do would be to jump right in and defend herself (“Of course I do nice things for you!”) or to argue with her son about his faulty logic (“There’s nothing I can do about making your birthday come sooner. As for the homework, that’s just something that you’ve got to do”). This type of left-brain, logical response would hit an unreceptive right-brain brick wall and create a gulf between them. After all, his logical left brain was nowhere to be found at that moment. So, had Tina responded with her left, her son would have felt like she didn’t understand him or care about his feelings. He was in a right-brain, nonrational, emotional flood, and a left-brain response would have been a lose-lose approach. Even though it was practically automatic (and very tempting) to ask him “What are you talking about?” or to tell him to go back to bed immediately, Tina stopped herself. Instead she used the connect-and-redirect technique. She pulled him close, rubbed his back, and with a nurturing tone of voice, said, “Sometimes it’s just really hard, isn’t it? I would never forget about you. You are always in my mind, and I always want you to know how special you are to me.” She held him while he explained that he sometimes feels that his younger brother gets more of her attention, and that homework takes too much of his free time. As he spoke, she could feel him relax and soften. He felt heard and cared for. Then she briefly addressed the specific issues he had brought up, since he was now more receptive to problem solving and planning, and they agreed to talk more in the morning. — location: [447](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B004J4X32U&location=447)

---
Even children much younger than Katie—as young as ten to twelve months—respond well to telling stories. For example, imagine a toddler who’s fallen down and skinned her knee. Her right brain, which is completely in the present moment and in touch with her body and fear, feels pain. On some level, she worries that the pain may never go away. When the mother retells the story of the fall, putting words and order to the experience, she helps her daughter engage and develop her left brain, explaining what happened—she simply fell down—so that she can understand why she’s hurting. — location: [583](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B004J4X32U&location=583)

